README.md, before:

![alt text](https://performous.org/imgs/title.png "Performous")

# Performous

[![Build Status](https://github.com/performous/performous/actions/workflows/build_and_release.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/performous/performous/actions?query=branch%3Amaster+workflow%3A%22Build+and+Release+Performous%22+is%3Asuccess)

An open-source karaoke, band and dancing game where one or more players perform a song and the game scores their performances. Supports songs in UltraStar, Frets on Fire and StepMania formats. Microphones and instruments from SingStar, Guitar Hero and Rock Band as well as some dance pads are autodetected.

Website at https://performous.org/ << If you can't reach it try the mirror https://performous.asgardsings.nl  
Wiki at https://github.com/performous/performous/wiki  
Discord at https://discord.gg/NS3m3ad

For compiling instructions visit the wiki page: https://github.com/performous/performous/wiki/Building-and-installing-from-source

# Latest builds

- [Windows (MSVC)](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest-msvc.exe.zip)
- [Windows (MinGW-w64)](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest-mingw-w64.exe.zip)
- [Mac OS X](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest.dmg.zip)
- [Linux - Ubuntu 20.04](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest-ubuntu_20.04.deb.zip)
- [Linux - Ubuntu 22.04](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest-ubuntu_22.04.deb.zip)
- [Linux - Ubuntu 24.04](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest-ubuntu_24.04.deb.zip)
- [Linux - Debian 11](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest-debian_11.deb.zip)
- [Linux - Debian 12](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest-debian_12.deb.zip)
- [Linux - Fedora 35](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest-fedora_35.rpm.zip)
- [Linux - Fedora 36](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest-fedora_36.rpm.zip)
- [Linux - Fedora 37](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest-fedora_37.rpm.zip)
- [Linux - Fedora 38](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest-fedora_38.rpm.zip)
- [Linux - Fedora 39](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest-fedora_39.rpm.zip)
- [Linux - Fedora 40](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest-fedora_40.rpm.zip)
- [Linux - Fedora 41](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest-fedora_41.rpm.zip)
- [Linux - AppImage](https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master/Performous-latest.AppImage.zip)

Commit message:

Remove individual artifacts for the readme.
Instead, keep a link to the latest release and to the nightly.link page where you can find the latest succesful builds.

README.md, after:

![alt text](https://performous.org/imgs/title.png "Performous")

# Performous

[![Build Status](https://github.com/performous/performous/actions/workflows/build_and_release.yml/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/performous/performous/actions?query=branch%3Amaster+workflow%3A%22Build+and+Release+Performous%22+is%3Asuccess)

An open-source karaoke, band and dancing game where one or more players perform a song and the game scores their performances. Supports songs in UltraStar, Frets on Fire and StepMania formats. Microphones and instruments from SingStar, Guitar Hero and Rock Band as well as some dance pads are autodetected.

Website at https://performous.org/ << If you can't reach it try the mirror https://performous.asgardsings.nl  
Wiki at https://github.com/performous/performous/wiki  
Discord at https://discord.gg/NS3m3ad

For compiling instructions visit the wiki page: https://github.com/performous/performous/wiki/Building-and-installing-from-source

# Pre-compiled builds
Performous currently builds on Windows(MSVC and MinGW-w64), macOS, and various versions of Ubuntu, Debian, Fedora, as well as an AppImage build.

- Latest Performous Release: https://github.com/performous/performous/releases/latest
- Weekly BETA builds from the `master` branch: https://nightly.link/performous/performous/workflows/build_and_release/master?preview
